cleanup: spv-wallet toolkit documentation (#37)
bitcoin-sv/bsv-skills-center: network-topology/applications/spv-wallet/developer-docs/spv-wallet-js-client/authentication.md

# Authentication

## Authenticate as admin

To authenticate within the SPV Wallet as an admin, you need to use admin HD key pair.
At the SPV Wallet side the admin key pair is recognized by the admin xpub which need to be configured ([see configuration docs](../spv-wallet/configuration.md)).

When you have the admin xpriv, you can now create SPV Wallet Client for admin API:
```typescript
import {SpvWalletClient} from "@bsv/spv-wallet-js-client";

async function main() {
    const adminClient = new SpvWalletClient("{{spv-wallet-url}}", {adminKey: "{{xpriv_of_the_admin}}"})
    // ...
}
```

## User

> ### Authentication using HD keys of user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Authentication using HD keys of a user
```

> #### Register users xpub

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Register the user's xpub
```

> To authenticate as user, first user and his xpub must be added by admin to SPV Wallet.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that, to authenticate as a user, the user and their xPub must first be added by an admin to the SPV Wallet - in other words, the "user" must already exist.
```

> To register user, admin need to make a following request to SPV Wallet:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To register a user, the admin needs to make the following request to the SPV Wallet:
```

```typescript
import {SpvWalletClient} from "@bsv/spv-wallet-js-client";

async function main() {
    const adminClient = new SpvWalletClient("{{spv-wallet-url}}", {adminKey: "{{xpriv_of_the_admin}}"})

    const response = await adminClient.AdminNewXpub("{{xpub_of_the_user}}", {})
    // ...
}
```

> #### Authenticate with users xpub

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Authenticate with user's xpub
```

> To authenticate within the SPV Wallet as a user, you simply need to create a new SPV Wallet Client for users API.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To authenticate within the SPV Wallet as a user, simply create a new SPV Wallet client for the Users API.
```

```typescript
import {SpvWalletClient} from "@bsv/spv-wallet-js-client";

async function main() {
    const userClient = new SpvWalletClient("{{spv-wallet-url}}", {xPriv: "{{xpriv_of_the_user}}"})
    // ...
}
```

> ### Authentication using Access key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Authentication using an Access key
```

> Another way of authenticate as a user is by use of access key.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Another way to authenticate as a user is via access keys.
```

#### Create

> To authenticate as user with access key, first user must create an access key by making a following call:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To authenticate as a user with an access key, the user must first create the access key by making the following call:
```

```typescript
import {SpvWalletClient} from "@bsv/spv-wallet-js-client";

async function main() {
    const userClient = new SpvWalletClient("{{spv-wallet-url}}", {xPriv: "{{xpriv_of_the_user}}"})

    const response = await userClient.CreateAccessKey({})
    // ...
}
```

In response, you can find the following important properties:
* `key` - which is actually an additional private key and is not stored on the SPV Wallet side, so it is displayed to user only once and user is responsible for storing it
* `id` - which actually can be used for checking the state of the access key (if it was revoked or when it was created) or revoking it.

#### Use

To authenticate as user with access key, you need to create a new SPV Wallet Client for users API with the access key.

```typescript
import {SpvWalletClient} from "@bsv/spv-wallet-js-client";

async function main() {
    const userClient = new SpvWalletClient("{{spv-wallet-url}}", {accessKey: "{{key}}"})
    // ...
}
```

#### Revoke

> Whenever a user fills that access key is compromised, or it wouldn't be needed anymore, it is possible to revoke such access key, so it can't be used to authenticate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whenever a user fills that an access key is compromised, or it wouldn't be needed anymore, it is possible to revoke such access key, so it can't be used to authenticate.
```

> To revoke an access key user need to make a following call:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To revoke an access key, user needs to make a following call:
```
